- The landscape of web-based application development
is constantly changing
and no change in the last 15 years
has been more significant than the advent
of so called cloud computing.
Today, we must build systems that are globally available,
leveraging limited human capital resources,
and doing so in a way that is maintainable
all the while, getting to market first.
This massive demand on software engineers
has caused us to respond with new patterns
in developing our software.
Enter into the picture, the 12 factors
of cloud native application development.
This pattern emerged based on a large number of deployments
by agile teams developing web application software.
As such, it has become the defacto pattern
in this space.
Hi, I'm Frank Moley, a Software, Technology
and Security Architect.
I spend most of my time these days
working on designing applications and systems
that perform at high levels
and are highly available.
This course is designed to explain
the core tenants of the 12 factors
in a development language agnostic format.
I will share with you my experiences in this space
and in doing so, help you to see opportunities
to impact your overall ecosystem
and build modern applications.
We will focus on each of the factors individually,
dissect them, and how they apply
to cloud native development.
As we evaluate each factor,
we will also look specifically at some key points
of what is needed to move a legacy application
into a 12 factor compatible application.
So let's get ready to dig in.